You will receive a document and a set of top-level tax-related topics from a topic hierarchy. Your task is to identify generalizable tax-related topics within the document that can act as top-level topics in the hierarchy. If any relevant tax-related topics are missing from the provided set, please add them. Otherwise, output the existing top-level topics as identified in the document.

[Top-level topics]
{Topics}

[Examples]
Example 1: Adding "[1] Tax Risk Management"
Document: 
"we have internal standards which clearly set out our approach to tax planning the level of tax risk that the group is prepared to accept and escalation points and procedures"
Your response: 
[1] Tax Risk Management:  mentions of the organization's approach to managing tax-related risks and uncertainties.

Example 2: Duplicate "Tax Policy and Strategy", returning the existing topic
Document: 
"our approach to tax our approach to tax is underpinned by our global tax principles that have been reviewed and endorsed by the risk and audit committee of the board of bhp billiton"
Your response: 
[1] Tax Policy and Strategy:  mentions of a company's guiding principles and governance regarding tax matters.


[Instructions]
Step 1: Determine topics mentioned in the document. 
- The topic labels must be as GENERALIZABLE as possible. They must not be document-specific.
- The topics must reflect a SINGLE topic instead of a combination of topics.
- Do not assign multiple topics to a document.
- The new topics must have a level number, a short general label, and a topic description. 
- The topics must be broad enough to accommodate future subtopics. 
- The topic should only be tax-related. 
Step 2: Perform ONE of the following operations: 
1. If there are already duplicates or relevant topics in the hierarchy, output those topics and stop here. 
2. If the document contains no topic, return "None". 
3. Otherwise, add your topic as a top-level topic. Stop here and output the added topic(s). DO NOT add any additional levels.


[Document]
{Document}

Please ONLY return the relevant or modified topics at the top level in the hierarchy.
[Your response]